Updating documentation for the relevancy feed (#17503)
forem/forem: app/models/articles/feeds/README.md

# Feed Configuration

Welcome to the technical documentation of the Feed Configuration. It's
structured more as an index pointing you to related files.

## Historical Documents

- The
  [Articles::Feeds::WeightedQueryStrategy](https://github.com/forem/forem/blob/de2edee07d824a34e5c5445d455b1f8086bd127d/app/services/articles/feeds/weighted_query_variant.rb)

>   is the precursor to the more robust feed configuration.

Author: From an archaeological stand point, the WeighedQueryStrategy came first and we evolved the code to use the VariantQuery then removed the WeightedQueryStrategy.

> - [These Are the [Feed] Levers I Know I Know](https://dev.to/devteam/these-are-the-feed-levers-i-know-i-know-3jj7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [This post](https://dev.to/devteam/these-are-the-feed-levers-i-know-i-know-3jj7)
```
(nitpick) I appreciate the wittiness of the post title 😄  but I think it's too long for documentation.

  walked through the meaning of each of the initial relevancy levers.

> In addition there are two code walk throughs explaining the two primary pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition there are two code walk throughs explaining the pull
```

requests that introduced the VariantQuery:

- [Introducing the concepts](https://www.loom.com/share/857cea3698f44a4f876a01fb4e72552c)
- [Walk through of code connecting concepts to production](https://www.loom.com/share/31f06224b61c4f7ca01c85e1fe0c239a)

## So You Want to Change the Relevancy Feed

The [forem/forem#17406 pull request](https://github.com/forem/forem/pull/17406)

> contains an example of constructing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains an example of configuring a
```

> [Articles::Feeds::VariantQuery](https://github.com/forem/forem/blob/main/app/services/articles/feeds/variant_query.rb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[VariantQuery](https://github.com/forem/forem/blob/main/app/services/articles/feeds/variant_query.rb)
```

> configuration. You can also read the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also read the
```

[config/feed-variants/README.md](https://github.com/forem/forem/blob/main/config/feed-variants/README.md)
for further context.

> ## So You Want to Understand the Variant Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding the Variant Query
```

In
[Diving into Dev's Relevancy Feed Builder](https://dev.to/devteam/diving-into-devs-relevancy-feed-builder-30m6)

> we explained the conceptual implementation; providing conceptual entity

Reviewer 2: Quick, non-blocking suggestion: should this actually read as written below?
```suggestion
we explained the conceptual implementation; providing a conceptual entity
```

relationship and sequence diagrams.

The key thing to internalize is as follows: We want to create a SQL statement
that calculates a `relevancy_score` for a given user and each article in the

> Forem instance. The higher the `relevancy_score` an article has, the closer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forem instance. The higher the article's `relevancy_score`, the closer that article will be to
```

> the top that article will be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the top of the feed.
```
